Rearrange `docs/` to support multiple guides (#1921)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/README.md

## Kroxylicious guide

> The Kroxylicious documentation is organized into a several **Kroxylicious** guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kroxylicious documentation is organized into specific **Kroxylicious** guides.
```

> A module contain a procedure (`proc-`), concepts (`con-`), or reference (`ref-`) content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A module contains a procedure (`proc-`), concepts (`con-`), or reference (`ref-`) content.
```
